feat(Curriculum) Add A1 Spanish Module 1 (#62201)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/es-a1-quiz-greetings-and-farewells/68c8510f4a9c00ca2a67160c.md

---
id: 68c8510f4a9c00ca2a67160c
title: Greetings and Farewells Quiz
challengeType: 8
dashedName: greetings-and-farewells-quiz
---

# --description--

This is the last section of the module. To pass the **Quiz**, you must correctly answer **at least 9 of the 10 questions** below.

This quiz checks your understanding of greetings, farewells, and basic introductions in Spanish.  

> There is no audio, so read each question carefully and choose the correct answer.

Author: ```suggestion
Read each question and choose the correct answer. There's just one correct answer for each question.
```

> Read each question and choose the correct answer. There's just one correct answer for each question.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read each question and choose the correct answer. There's only one correct answer for each question.
```

# --quizzes--

## --quiz--

### --question--

#### --text--

Which phrase means "Hello, good morning"?

#### --distractors--

`Hola, buenas noches.`

---

`Hola, buenas tardes.`

---

`Chao.`

#### --answer--

`Hola, buenos días.`

### --question--

#### --text--

> Which phrase means “See you later”?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Which phrase means "See you later"?
```

#### --distractors--

`Hasta mañana.`

---

`Adiós.`

---

`Chao.`

#### --answer--

`Hasta luego.`

### --question--

#### --text--

> Which phrase means “Good night / Good evening”?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Which phrase means "Good night / Good evening"?
```

#### --distractors--

`Buenos días.`

---

`Hasta mañana.`

---

`Hasta pronto.`

#### --answer--

`Buenas noches.`

### --question--

#### --text--

> Which phrase means “See you tomorrow”?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Which phrase means "See you tomorrow"?
```

#### --distractors--

`Hasta pronto.`

---

`Hasta luego.`

---

`Adiós.`

#### --answer--

`Hasta mañana.`

### --question--

#### --text--

> Which phrase means “I am a designer”?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Which phrase means "I am a designer"?
```

#### --distractors--

`Me llamo diseñadora.`

---

`Soy desarrollador.`

---

`Soy analista.`

#### --answer--

`Soy diseñadora.`

### --question--

#### --text--

`Adiós` is used to say goodbye.

#### --distractors--

That's false.

---

Sometimes it can be used to say "hello", not "goodbye".

---

People don't use this word in Spanish.

#### --answer--

That's true.

### --question--

#### --text--

You must always say `yo` before `soy`.

#### --distractors--

That is true.

---

It is true in formal settings.

---

That is true in informal context.

#### --answer--

That is false.

### --question--

#### --text--

> What is the correct way to say “I'm an analyst”?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What is the correct way to say "I'm an analyst"?
```

#### --distractors--

`Soy una analista.`

---

`Yo soy la analista.`

---

`Soy el analista.`

#### --answer--

`Soy analista.`

### --question--

#### --text--

Which phrase introduces a profession?

#### --distractors--

`Hola, buenos días.`

---

`Adiós.`

---

`Me llamo Esteban.`

#### --answer--

`Soy desarrollador.`

### --question--

#### --text--

Which pair is correct?

#### --distractors--

> `Soy` / I call myself.

Reviewer: This might be confusing as it was taught that `Soy` can be used to introduce your name
